I did together Indian here with a review
on the blackberry and curve 8900 now
when you open and the box you'll see
it's got a full keyboard to full buttons
on off that track bull which is nice and
handy and the menu button ankle on the
back you got this nice matte finish and
3.2 megapixel camera with LED flash on
the side you got a camera button and
lanyard in judgment on the other side at
3.5 millimeter jack which is quite handy
for for like you can put any sort of
heavens in wolkowitz the speakers are
white and and a button and power supply
so as you can see it has this metal
surrounding it's got um to got 3g Wi-Fi
and it supports edge so um I get back
out of it and as you can see it's got
this nice setup and you may just go to
menu GPS so you can see it's very force
sir so that stupid it for you and this
is the Tang Wu Xia vendors take a
picture
and as you can see so that just for you
I'll put the blackberry curve 8900 piece
if I forget its product of 1805 it will
definitely be a 5 out of 5 a great
smartphone and now it's got the Apple
blackberry at well too so that took like
neat if you'd like this video good to my
channel and if you like the other videos
I well I get to uses a guy by piece